README.md, before:

# Palettes for Tumblr [![CI](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
A colour scheme manager for Tumblr!

## Features
- Choose a palette from a dropdown instead of cycling through them
- Wind back time by selecting a palette from Tumblr's past
- Change the page font independently of your chosen palette
- Adjust the base font size

## Installation
- [Get this extension for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/palettes-for-tumblr/)
- [View on the Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kgllgjbdbkempofinoadnlleigmgppfm)

## Usage
Once you've installed the addon, click the addon icon to open its configuration. The addon can be configured from any page, but will only affect [www.tumblr.com](https://www.tumblr.com/).

This addon only affects pages updated to use Tumblr's new web interface. This means Tumblr pages that do not usually offer the "Change Palette" button will not be affected.

### Change Palette
This dropdown allows you to override Tumblr's colour scheme. You can choose a palette provided by Tumblr, or a palette provided by the addon.

### Change Font
This dropdown allows you to override Tumblr's font type. You can choose to keep the default font (Favorit), switch back to Helvetica Neue, or select a system font.

### Change Base Font Size
This dropdown lets you set the base font size that Tumblr uses. This affects the size of *all* text on the page, essentially allowing you to zoom in or out without affecting the size of Tumblr's layout elements.

## Credits
- [Contributors to this repository](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/graphs/contributors)
- [Dependency graph](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/network/dependencies)

Commit message:

update README to advertise custom palette creation

README.md, after:

# Palettes for Tumblr [![CI](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
A colour scheme manager for Tumblr!

## Features
- Create your own palette, or choose from the built-in options
- Change the page font independently of your chosen palette
- Adjust the base font size

## Installation
- [Get this extension for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/palettes-for-tumblr/)
- [View on the Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kgllgjbdbkempofinoadnlleigmgppfm)

## Usage
Once you've installed the addon, click the addon icon to open its configuration. The addon can be configured from any page, but will only affect [www.tumblr.com](https://www.tumblr.com/).

This addon only affects pages updated to use Tumblr's new web interface. This means Tumblr pages that do not usually offer the "Change Palette" button will not be affected.

### Change Palette
This dropdown allows you to override Tumblr's colour scheme. You can choose a palette provided by Tumblr, a palette provided by the addon, or any custom palettes you've defined.

#### Manage...
Click this button to open the palette manager. You can create and edit custom palettes on this page.

### Change Font
This dropdown allows you to override Tumblr's font type. You can choose to keep the default font (Favorit), switch back to Helvetica Neue, or select a system font.

### Change Base Font Size
This dropdown lets you set the base font size that Tumblr uses. This affects the size of *all* text on the page, essentially allowing you to zoom in or out without affecting the size of Tumblr's layout elements.

## Credits
- [Contributors to this repository](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/graphs/contributors)
- [Dependency graph](https://github.com/AprilSylph/Palettes-for-Tumblr/network/dependencies)
